profile/README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋 and welcome to lychee!

lychee is a fast link checker written in Rust. It supports Markdown, HTML, websites, and more.  
It can be used as a library, a commandline application, or a Github action.

### 🌈 Repository Index

Here's a brief guide to our most popular repositories and what's inside.

- [lychee](https://github.com/lycheeverse/lychee): The main application repository.
- [lychee-action](https://github.com/lycheeverse/lychee-action): Github action which helps find broken links in your repositories.
- [website](https://github.com/lycheeverse/lycheeverse.github.io): The source for the lychee documentation at https://lychee.cli.rs.

### 📒 Documentation

The documentation is available at https://lychee.cli.rs which also contains recipes for a few common use-cases.

### 🙋‍♀️ Community

We love feedback and encourage everyone to reach out to us. Please join our [Github discussion forum](https://github.com/lycheeverse/lychee/discussions).

### ❤️ Sponsors

Thanks to the following organizations for sponsoring the development of lychee.

<a href="https://corrode.dev">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lycheeverse/.github/main/profile/corrode.svg" width="200" />
</a>

We are looking for more sponsors to make this Open Source project sustainable.
Please head over to our [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/lychee-collective) if you want to support us as well.

Commit message:

Update README.md fix spelling; `Github` -> `GitHub`

profile/README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋 and welcome to lychee!

lychee is a fast link checker written in Rust. It supports Markdown, HTML, websites, and more.  
It can be used as a library, a commandline application, or a GitHub action.

### 🌈 Repository Index

Here's a brief guide to our most popular repositories and what's inside.

- [lychee](https://github.com/lycheeverse/lychee): The main application repository.
- [lychee-action](https://github.com/lycheeverse/lychee-action): GitHub action which helps find broken links in your repositories.
- [website](https://github.com/lycheeverse/lycheeverse.github.io): The source for the lychee documentation at https://lychee.cli.rs.

### 📒 Documentation

The documentation is available at https://lychee.cli.rs which also contains recipes for a few common use-cases.

### 🙋‍♀️ Community

We love feedback and encourage everyone to reach out to us. Please join our [GitHub discussion forum](https://github.com/lycheeverse/lychee/discussions).

### ❤️ Sponsors

Thanks to the following organizations for sponsoring the development of lychee.

<a href="https://corrode.dev">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lycheeverse/.github/main/profile/corrode.svg" width="200" />
</a>

We are looking for more sponsors to make this Open Source project sustainable.
Please head over to our [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/lychee-collective) if you want to support us as well.
